---
title: Snake Part 3
layout: post
author: timothy.lomax
permalink: /snake-part-3/
source-id: 1HNvxDbiNdjTsJMTmvXjBbekFc-j0e1a7Y9LIkVq_E6E
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>
Half term 2, Week 5</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>28/03/2017</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A nearly finished code of snake.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be able to play my game by the end of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes and I carried on personalising my game.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>One of my best strategies for learning that I used today was being always paying attention and listening to the instructions given, even if they are not issued by the teacher. Another was knowing that if I got a wrong answer, at least I knew that there was always an answer to the problem.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on making sure that I understand what I am doing, instead of having to rely on my peers to help me out. This also shows that just knowing what the teacher is saying is one thing, but comprehending what Mr.Keen is saying is another thing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will make sure that I am always listening to the question that is being asked so that I can find answer, or at least attempt to. I will also be attentive and always focus on the teacher and the work that is being assigned, rather than getting distracted by other people and classroom objects around me.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


