---
title: Week 6
layout: post
author: timothy.lomax
permalink: /week-6/
source-id: 1ENNkkU9MvXkdU9OyAFTjdWzdcR2zkoINCgVUuu3kKi8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>
More FUZEBOX</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>28/03/2017</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A basic amount of knowledge on media and the literacy used to describe it, as well as the ability to navigate and comprehend media, whilst looking onwards to decode more information.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get further in our FUZEBOX work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, and I got into the extension work which was to create our own character.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> One of my best strategies for learning that I used today was being inquisitive, and asking questions, a task that I do not usually complete. I think that I also learnt that getting things wrong is not a bad thing, as it is not only a learning opportunity, but it also allows you to adapt to what others have said, which I found improved my learning.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on listening to the teacher, and not getting distracted by the other activities going on around me. I also need to listen to the question that is being asked and not just believing that the question will always be the same to what we have been discussing with my classmates. My final improvement is to make sure that I am always being attentive and listening, instead of forgetting crucial points. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will make sure that I am always listening to the question that is being asked so that I can find answer, or at least attempt to. I will also be attentive and always focus on the teacher and the work that is being assigned, rather than getting distracted by other people and classroom objects around me.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


