---
title: Lesson 4
layout: post
author: timothy.lomax
permalink: /lesson-4/
source-id: 1szVp3pdTG8faMLb2CzOKZzn1M4bSd_3DxQS94vELED4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>My first blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Codecadamy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have learnt more basic commands and terminology.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I think I managed to achieve my target, although it was towards the end of the lesson</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>One of my best strategies for learning was making sure that I always rechecked my work to make sure that the code I was doing was correct. I also found shortcuts in what I was doing which allowed me to do things as quick as possible, whilst being accurate. This strategy was very efficient as it let me do two things extremely quickly. Although, this also counteracted into one of my other problems that I shall say later on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on listening to the teacher, and not getting distracted by the other activities going on around me. I also need to read the question that is being asked and not just believing that the question will always be the same to what we have been discussing with my partner My final improvement is to make sure that I am always being attentive and listening, instead of forgetting crucial points. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will make sure that I am focusing on copying the code down correctly to minimise the chance of missing something out and replacing it with something that I have came up with myself. This will also take away the amount of time that I have to spend checking the code.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


