---
title: Lesson 5
layout: post
author: timothy.lomax
permalink: /lesson-5/
source-id: 1nWHCHa7KbxqR0k2h5Uog1wkteXWI6PN68ZB5ylavTw8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Codecadamy website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To of progressed in Codecadamy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I think I managed to achieve my target after having slight difficulty with the coding
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>One of my best strategies for learning was persevering, and always trying to find the right answer. Even though I did not fully complete the task given, I still kept on trying harder and harder to find another way around the question. I believe that If I kept on going I would have indefinitely found the right answer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on listening to the teacher, and not getting distracted by the other activities going on around me. I also need to read the question that is being asked and not just believing that the question will always be the same to what we have been discussing with my partner My final improvement is to make sure that I am always being attentive and listening, instead of forgetting crucial points.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will make sure that I am always reading the question that is being asked carefully, so that I can find answer, or at least attempt to. I will also be attentive and always focus on the teacher and the work that is being assigned, rather than getting distracted by other people and classroom objects around me.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


