---
title: Lesson 8
layout: post
author: timothy.lomax
permalink: /lesson-8/
source-id: 1CWyU4Ek-4Hldq943qog4_2Digo1pd_rx7tYEB3xU1Uc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Codecadamy website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have reached level 5 in Codecadamy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I think I managed to achieve my target with little difficulty</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>One of my best strategies for learning was making sure that myself and my partner were always copying down the code correctly. The way we did this was that one person would type the code in and the other would be constantly comparing it to the code that we had been given to check that that the code was correct. We would swap roles every 15 lines.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on listening to the teacher, and not getting distracted by the other activities going on around me. I also need to read the question that is being asked and not just believing that the question will always be the same to what we have been discussing with my partner My final improvement is to make sure that I am always being attentive and listening, instead of forgetting crucial points.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try as hard as I can to not lose confidence when things don't work and keep on going until I fix things.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


