---
title: Lesson 2
layout: post
author: timothy.lomax
permalink: /lesson-2/
source-id: 18AYZVsRoR_jepaxeZZh89jJQyuI-klPN5Kd3r50MlX4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A Google Sheets Document</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To try and understand the basic concepts of Google Sheets, a piece of software that I have not used before.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I think I managed to achieve my target with help from my peers.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, I learned by constantly attempting to have a go, and never giving up, even when faced with difficulties. This was a difficult strategy to use, as the new software provided a challenge for me to comprehend, however by the end of the lesson I achieved my goal. I also tried to use my initiative and think logically to work out the answer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on not giving up straight away and asking for help. Being given the answer doesn't help with my learning, and will not help me in times to come, if I am tested on that certain topic. I also hope to revise certain topics that I do not understand, such as the certain piece of software that I am using at the moment, as I believe the ability to comprehend google sheets will be useful in the near future.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson I will make sure that I don’t immediately give up when trying to find an answer, and that I constantly try to have a go. For next lesson, I also hope to go over some simple knowledge of what google sheets does, so that I can understand some of the finer words and terminologies that are being used</td>
  </tr>
</table>


