---
title: Lesson 3
layout: post
author: timothy.lomax
permalink: /lesson-3/
source-id: 1RWElD-Pcuo_7VzNdHjV8SE2JxZub1A-QYbuRM08N7pc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>My first blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Codecadamy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have learnt more basic commands and terminology.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I think I managed to achieve my target, although it was towards the end of the lesson</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>One of the best ways that I learnt today was using my initiative to work out what do. Although, this only applied to the first half of the lesson as in the second half I had to ask for help from my fellow classmates, as I found some of the work given difficult. This also meant that another strategy that I used was asking for help when I needed it to make sure that I was doing certain things correctly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>One of my main problems that I had was not paying attention to the task given, which was to remake my blog instead of recreating it. Consequently this also meant that I had tried to make the same as what I had done previously instead of using my imagination. Fortunately, as my blog did not seem to be working it meant that I realised this until it was too late.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will make sure that I always pay attention to the task given instead of trying to piece things together to come up with a slightly different objective. If I am unsure I will always ask a teacher, as to not disrupt my classmates from their work. I will also try not to ask too many questions and use my own knowledge and common sense to work things out.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


