---
title: Lesson 1
layout: post
author: timothy.lomax
permalink: /lesson-1/
source-id: 1caprvDEdadDmLlPRZf0_QZyHLOXv-YTyAfvvUqRb1Wo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A New Knowledge of Passwords. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand what a cipher is and recognise uses of it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I think I managed to achieve my target with help from my peers.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>One of my best strategies for learning was using my initiative and having a go. I did this at the start of the lesson, when we were tasked with finding out the meaning of a sequence of letters on the board. We eventually figured out that the code simply meant hello, and was formed by moving each letter of the code one space back in the alphabet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on listening to the teacher, and not getting distracted by the other activities going on around me. I also need to recognise the question that is being asked and not alter it by not listening. My final improvement is to make sure that I am always being attentive and listening, instead of forgetting crucial points.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson I will stay attentive and constantly listen to the question that is being asked. I will always use my initiative and stay aware of the task at hand. I will also attempt to ignore all possible distractions</td>
  </tr>
</table>


